---
layout: post
title: "ublock is essential"
tags: browsing web
---
i have no idea how people browse the internet without [ublock origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock).

every now and then i open a browser that doesn't have it installed, or use someone's computer that doesn't use ublock, and i'm shocked at what i see. the internet is a truly horrible place without it.

if you aren't currently using ublock, you should go get it now! full transparency, though, you have to stop using chrome to do this. you should stop using chrome for a million other reasons, too, but ublock is probably the best argument i have.

for browsers, you can use [firefox](https://www.firefox.com), but it might be better to give [libre wolf](https://librewolf.net/) a shot. libre wolf is firefox with all the "firefox telemetry" ripped out. it also includes ublock installed by default, so it's even easier to get going!

what does ublock do?

it blocks content. not just ads -- content. content that you are not interested in. content that you don't want to see. content that annoys you. 

here's my top reasons for using it:
- it blocks ads in youtube videos (not the "sponsored" content that is created by the youtuber, just the ads inserted by google)
- it blocks all the "cookie reminder" banners that appeared around when GDPR became a thing
- it blocks all the ad banners that pop up on sites
- it blocks fake content masquerading as real content (see reddit "posts" that are really ads. actually, you won't see them if you use this!)
- i have a custom filter to block the youtube "recommended videos". i don't need youtube pushing me to waste more time on it than i already do!
- it blocks most tracking software: google analytics, adobe analytics, etc. you can even go more aggressive with it and stop tag managers, too
- it blocks malware and cryptominers, too

and if you find something that it doesn't block already, you can use the little eye-dropper function to add new custom rules just by clicking on the offensive content. and then it goes away.... forever!

you are browsing the web. your attention is not for sale just because you are browsing the web. remember that.
