---
layout: post
title: "weqx"
---
i just want to give a quick shout out to WEQX, an independent radio station out of manchester VT. they play alternative rock mostly, but it's a really deep mix, and the freshness of what they play is fantastic. they do mix in some oldies-but-goodies, but they do it infrequently enough that it's a nice spice rather than tedious.

i want to hear new music when i listen to the radio. and i DO want it to be curated to a certain degree -- i'm not into computer generated lists like spotify does. (does anyone remember songza? man that was a fantastic service. i hate hate hate that google killed it, though i don't think they could have survived; they had no business model)

WEQX does everything i want in a radio station -- and even better, they broadcast through the internet, so you can listen to it whereever you want. (i used to only be able to listen when i was driving near the albany NY area)

you will hear commercials if you listen to this station, but they aren't abrasive horrible commercials. they're mostly for local businesses, which is weirdly refreshing. i'm not saying i want to hear commercials, but if i have to listen to some to support a local station, these are the kind of commercials i want to hear.

to tune in, check out these links:
- [WEQX website](https://www.weqx.com/). you can listen online, and you can browse the playlist history. i use the playlist history all the time. the online player they use isn't great, but it'll do the job.
- [livestream link1](https://stream.surfernetwork.com/cc6a319f460vv). i use a moode audio player, and this is the URL i typically stream. they stopped putting the track/artist in the stream, which kind of sucks. i sent them an email and they said they are working on switching providers, but no timeline.
- [livestream link2](http://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/WEQX_MP3). this is a backup for the previous link. i don't think there's a difference, but the other one seems like the "main" link.

if you're bored and looking for new music, just start browsing their playlist history and plugging artist/song combos into youtube. you'll find lots of awesome music this way!
